Fix C# ImplicitContext contract violations (#5499) (#5625)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG.md

  declaring it in declaration order. As a result, an operation whose out-parameters were declared in an order
  different from their marshal order could return values in the wrong tuple slots or fail to compile.

- Fixed several C# `ImplicitContext` contract violations: `get` and `remove` of an unknown key threw
  `KeyNotFoundException` instead of returning the empty string; the per-thread `setContext` threw when replacing

>   an existing context; and the per-thread `getContext` returned the live dictionary instead of a snapshot.

Reviewer: The other three items just stop unused/broken paths from throwing — nobody relies on those throws. The only change a user could actually depend on is `getContext` going from the live dictionary to a snapshot, which is a behavior change (potentially breaking). Suggest narrowing the entry to just that, with migration guidance, so it isn't buried:

```suggestion
- The per-thread `ImplicitContext.getContext` in C# now returns a snapshot of the context instead of the live
  internal dictionary (matching the `Shared` implementation). Code that mutated the returned dictionary to
  update the implicit context must now use `put` or `setContext`.
```
